1001	A naked party, also known as nude party, is a party where the participants are required to be nude.
1002	The town center bears the hallmarks of a typical migration-accepting Turkish rural town, with traditional structures coexisting with a collection of concrete apartment blocks providing public housing, as well as amenities such as basic shopping and fast-food restaurants, and essential infrastructure but little in the way of culture except for cinemas and large rooms hired out for wedding parties.
1003	Elections Alberta oversees the creation of political parties and riding associations, compiles election statistics on ridings, and collects financial statements from party candidates and riding associations.
1004	A group of characters can join together to form a party and go on levels together.
1005	From these social conventions derive in turn also the variants worn on related occasions of varying solemnity, such as formal political, diplomatic, and academic events, in addition to certain parties including award ceremonies, balls, fraternal orders, high school proms, etc.
1006	(, "Al-Harakat al-Wataniyya al-Lubnaniyya") or Mouvement National Libanais (MNL) in French, was a front of leftist, pan-Arabist and Syrian nationalist parties and organizations active during the early years of the Lebanese Civil War, which supported the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO).
1007	The Free-minded People's Party () or Radical People's Party was a social liberal party in the German Empire, founded as a result of the split of the German Free-minded Party in 1893.
1008	Typically, a party has the right to object in court to a line of questioning or at the introduction of a particular piece of evidence.
1009	Dizzy bat is commonly played at parties, colleges and universities, bars, and other drinking festivities such as a tailgate party at sporting events and concerts.
1010	He represents Venstre, a Danish centre-right party.
1011	—not just for tassel teasing but good for a party and flicking the feather duster around the house.
1012	Party of Peace and Unity (Партия Мира и Единства, "Partiya Mira i Yedinstva") was a socialist party in Russia.
1013	The second scene finds Stryder at the luxurious MGM Grand Las Vegas hotel, where he is first seen in the hotel casino gambling, then dawn has approached and he proceeds to his suite at the hotel, where there is a hotel party, and is accompanied by a group of females and cameo appearances from a few Ruff Sqwad members and the production trio TMS are made.
1014	In 2009, a mass rally by a coalition of opposition parties in took place in Georgia against the government of President Mikheil Saakashvili.
1015	The Malian Party of Labour (French: "Parti malien du travail", PMT) is a Marxist-Leninist party in Mali and a member of the coalition supporting the Alliance for Democracy in Mali of president Amadou Toumani Touré.
1016	A costume party (American English) or a fancy dress party (British English) is a type of party, common mainly in contemporary Western culture, where guests dress up in costumes.
1017	Two weeks after the disaster, Yitzhak Peretz, a government minister from the Shas party, linked the train accident to Sabbath violation in Petach Tikva and invalid mezuzot at the school.
1018	In politics, the circumstances may include an attempt to bring down a powerful leader, usually by members of their own party.
1019	("Jabha-ye Tafahom-e Melli-ye Afghanistan") was an alliance of opposition parties in Afghanistan.
1020	Opposition parties were allowed, but were widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power.
1021	Papua New Guinea has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1022	Charger plates or service plates are large plates used at full course dinners or to dress up special events like parties and weddings.
1023	Most recently, The Week has also signed a partnership with Matinee Group in Spain, which has already brought parties to Brazil and will be able to host The Week parties with a Brazilian flair throughout Europe.
1024	Although minor parties were allowed, they were legally required to accept the leadership of the dominant party.
1025	Iceland has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, so parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1026	In 2007, Savvidis was re-elected as a Deputy in the State Duma as a member of the party United Russia led by chairman Vladimir Putin, serving until 2011.
1027	Panama has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1028	In Contract Law, the parties are free to include a forum selection clause appointing a special referee to resolve specialised but disputed factual issues between them.
1029	The last council party breakdown was as follows:
1030	Following the publication of the arrest, Greece's ruling coalition junior partner Democratic Left and the Greek Communist Party strongly denounced the arrest while leftist primary opposition party SYRIZA raised a second question to the parliament, this time concerning the legality of the arrest and the freedom of expression.
1031	In politics, the term base refers to a group of voters who almost always support a single party's candidates for elected office.
1032	Elefantenrunde, literally "Elephants' round-table", is a German language term for a television debate in which the leaders of parties with representation in parliament participate.
1033	The Patriotic Bloc was a centre-rightist coalition of parties which ran undisputed the Sammarinese election of 1923.
1034	Barnes suggests that Elah was attending a private party at the time of his assassination.
1035	Reid wrote sexually explicit versions of hit songs for fun but only performed them for his friends at parties or in the studio.
1036	Serbia has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1037	Traditionally many common law jurisdictions considered a person's domicile to be a determinative factor in the conflict of laws and would, for example, only recognize a divorce conducted in another jurisdiction if at least one of the parties were domiciled there at the time it was conducted.
1038	It is limited to conservative parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in parliament.
1039	A politician is a person active in party politics, or a person holding or seeking office in government.
1040	Thompson received some media attention in the aftermath of the 2007 election because he pointed out to the returning officer that the number of additional members for each party had been wrongly calculated.
1041	On September 11, 2011, the OWP initiated a rally opposite the Presidential Palace in Warsaw and wrote a collective letter to the Law and Justice party (PiS) leader Jarosław Kaczyński.
1042	The Senate of Puerto Rico Majority and Minority Leaders are Puerto Rican Senators who are elected by the party conferences that hold the majority and the minorities respectively.
1043	Wallis and Futuna has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1044	Adnan Al-Hakim (died May 26, 1990) was the leader of the Najjadeh Party, an Arab nationalist party in Lebanon, for more than 30 years.
1045	Politicians from the two main parties tend to win elections when not confronted by strong challengers from their own party (in which cases their traditional opponents tend to win).
1046	Historically, Venezuela has had two major parties, along with numerous other minor parties.
1047	(In Ikavian) or selo (In Ekavian) is the name of an evening gathering at a house, a social event (i.e. a party), in former Yugoslavia.
1048	Larry Fink (born March 11, 1941) is an American photographer best known for his black-and-white images of people at parties and in other social situations.
1049	The piece opens at a party, where a man offers the player a bottle of a mysterious green fluid.
1050	Unlike communities, where problems arise and are solved by those within the group, parties are formed when individuals seek out support beyond their immediate spatial environment.
1051	Data include candidates, parties, popular and electoral vote totals, and voter turnout.
1052	Parallel, in 1861 the National association established the German Progress Party ("Deutsche Fortschritsspartei, or DFP") as a registered party in Prussia, constituting the society's "executive branch".
1053	Contigo, formerly Peruvians for Change (, PPK), is a centre-right party in Peru.
1054	After Rogas realizes that Cres lives in the complex under a pseudonym and wasn't there to commit a murder, he meets with the Secretary-General of the revolutionary party.
1055	He participated in the formation of the Islamic Virtue Party in Wasit., And included in the political work and assigned several tasks, including the head of the Office of "Essaouira", and became an assistant to the Secretary-General for the affairs of central provinces, and is now a member of the Political Bureau of the party.
1056	Finland has a multi-party system, with multiple strong parties, in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1057	The Internationalist Workers Party (Parti ouvrier internationaliste, POI) was a French Trotskyist party established in 1936 after the exclusion of militant Trotskyists from the French Section of the Workers' International in 1935 and dissolved in 1939 when most of the militants had rejoined the Workers and Peasants' Socialist Party.
1058	No party won a majority, but the Labour Party of Prime Minister Helen Clark secured two more seats than nearest rival, the National Party of Dr Don Brash.
1059	Produced at the London-based animation company Lupus Films, with many of the original team returning, the sequel was made in the same traditional techniques as the first film, and features the Snowman, a new little boy and a snow dog, flying over landmarks and going to another party.
1060	Ukraine has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which often not a single party has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1061	The court is required to analyse the pleadings prepared by the parties and to assign each component element to the most appropriate juridical concept or category.
1062	This also applies to a political convention, though in modern times the common issues are limited to selecting a party candidate or party chairman.
1063	It is considered by many to be a concept album, with several recurring themes such as near-death experiences, parties and the fictional character Charlemagne.
1064	Mackinlay decided that the only way to keep the party going was to rework its constitution and hold a leadership election.
1065	It is limited to liberal and radical parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having been represented in parliament.
1066	It also discussed criminal gangs who enjoyed the patronage of politicians, of all parties, and the protection of government functionaries.
1067	Unlike most states, New York electoral law permits electoral fusion; thus New York ballots tend to show a larger number of parties.
1068	It is limited to Christian democratic parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in parliament.
1069	Before the local elections are held, a previous unofficial election takes place in which individual citizens, not parties, are voted.
1070	Solomon Islands has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone.
1071	It is limited to liberal and radical parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had representation in parliament.
1072	Judicial and legal activities of the FNDIRP include participation as a civil party in trials for crimes against humanity.
1073	Edward Moseley was also Speaker of the North Carolina House of Burgesses (the lower house of the legislature) for several terms, as he was consistently re-elected by his party.
1074	Tina wants to have a party with a smoke machine and streamers and invite people from her class and more.
1075	The German Social Democratic Workers' Party in the Czechoslovak Republic (DSAP, "Deutsche sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei in der Tschechoslowakischen Republik"; ) was a German social democratic party in Czechoslovakia, founded when the Bohemian provincial organization of the Social Democratic Workers' Party of Austria separated itself from the mother party.
1076	40 were elected from multi-name lists of parties or party coalitions according to their ranking.
1077	Bubb regularly hosted parties in Cocoa Beach, both planned in advance and more spontaneously when launch delays kept reporters, astronauts, space program leaders, and corporate executives in town for longer than expected.
1078	Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
1079	A moderate-to-liberal Democrat, Backus ran for the U.S. Senate in 1994 and beat Douglas M. Costle, Environmental Protection Agency administrator under President Jimmy Carter, for her party's nomination and came within 9 points of ousting incumbent U.S. Senator Jim Jeffords (R-VT).
1080	The Source (as it became known) flourished alongside the musical genre of Goa Trance and its successor Psychedelic Trance running monthly club nights or 'parties' at The Rocket in North London's Holloway Road, Brixton's Fridge, Bagley's in Kings Cross and a number of larger events at Brixton Academy...
1081	In the past, this has included bands, comedians, games, and parties.
1082	It is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had representation in parliament.
1083	Small tiled pavilions were erected at intervals along the sides to afford shade for fishing and picnic parties.
1084	Romania has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1085	In law, a trial is a coming together of parties to a dispute, to present information (in the form of evidence) in a tribunal, a formal setting with the authority to adjudicate claims or disputes.
1086	Opposition parties are allowed since the 1992 referendum, but have been represented in parliament only since the 2013 elections.
1087	With known village political trend, BDP council candidates fiercely contested their party primary elections with the knowledge that a win guaranteed individuals seats at the Council Chambers.
1088	The lack of central leadership within the Meclis-i Vükela frequently allowed for individual and party politics to predominate in its work, often making it difficult to conduct business.
1089	The multiple choice format is most frequently used in educational testing, in market research, and in elections, when a person chooses between multiple candidates, parties, or policies.
1090	Dispute resolution is the process of resolving disputes between parties.
1091	The red–green coalition was a centre-left coalition of parties in Norway, constituting the Labour Party (Ap), the Socialist Left Party (SV), and the Centre Party (Sp).
1092	Albania has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties and several other parties that are electorally successful.
1093	ACEEE staff testify before Congress and work closely with Congressional staff in both parties to help shape new initiatives and analyze the impacts of energy and climate policy proposals.
1094	It is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having been represented in the Norwegian Parliament, Stortinget.
1095	Notice is the legal concept describing a requirement that a party be aware of legal process affecting their rights, obligations or duties.
1096	Employment is a relationship between two parties, usually based on a contract where work is paid for, where one party, which may be a corporation, for profit, not-for-profit organization, co-operative or other entity is the employer and the other is the employee.
1097	The Czech political scene supports a broad spectrum of parties ranging from the Communist Party on the far left to various nationalistic parties on the far right.
1098	The court was held at least every two weeks and often every week; the parties before the court stated the case and the judges rendered a decision based on the facts or arbitrators were appointed to review the case and proposed a compromise between the parties.
1099	Mandates were divided among parties and coalitions in proportion to the number of their benches in Serbia's and Montenegro's parliaments.
1100	A paper popper is a party prank that is commonly practiced in public schools.
1101	The beast's path soon brings it to a huge party attended by Jack and Squirrelly.
1102	In environmental law, the polluter pays principle is enacted to make the party responsible for producing pollution responsible for paying for the damage done to the natural environment.
1103	Currently, the party breakdown on the council is as follows:
1104	As such, parties must work with one another to form coalition governments.
1105	If the lawyer filling out the Case Information Statement makes a mistake, or if circumstances change or new information is discovered, the party wishing to amend the statement may do so by making a motion to the judge in charge of the case.
1106	In the United States, parties may seek review or enforcement of a federal agency order by filing a petition for review in any U.S. court of appeals having jurisdiction.
1107	The Office of the Clerk is a politically independent organisation, providing services to Parliament, as distinct from services to the Government, and providing services to members in their parliamentary roles rather than in their party or electorate capacities.
1108	Wild Boy’ where stage diving, bonfires, Steve-O references and partying ensues.
1109	In a civil lawsuit, a nominal party is one named as a party on the record of an action, but having no interest in the action.
1110	Sune also holds his first party, with "loud" music, "cute" girls, dancing and playing Post Office.
1111	It has been active in state politics since the 1970s, but due to what critics characterize as Oklahoma's restrictive ballot access requirements the party has been an "official" party during only portions of the last 25 years.
1112	From 2002 to 2007 he was the chairman of the Bavarian separatist party, Bavaria Party.
1113	Punch is usually served at parties in large, wide bowls, known as "punch bowls".
1114	To obtain the "Three Theories", a party (the Can Lao) promoting the ideology, a true social justice and the technological modernization are necessary.
1115	The Faroe Islands have a multi-party system (disputing on independence and unionism as well as left and right), with numerous parties in which a single party normally does not have a chance of gaining power alone, and therefore the parties must work together in order to form a coalition government.
1116	Bolivia has a multi-party system, with numerous parties.
1117	Because elections in Tucson are partisan in nature, party primaries were held on August 30, 2011.
1118	Heritage (, "Zharangut’yun") is an Armenian national liberal party.
1119	As in other parts of the Malaysian federation, the Westminster Parliamentary system is adopted, whereby, the leader of the party with the most seats in the state legislature would usually become the chief minister of Sabah.
1120	It began as an upper-class reformist movement during the 1870s and formed as a political party in 1894.
1121	Some look-alikes who have resembled celebrities have worked as entertainers, impersonating them on stage and screen, or at venues like parties and corporate functions.
1122	Prior to his election to Congress, Cook ran for office a number of times both as a Republican and on the Utah Independent ticket, a party he founded himself in 1988.
1123	In 2003 the party merged with the Samoan United Independents Political Party to form the Samoan Democratic United Party, which replaced it as the main opposition party of Samoa.
1124	North Macedonia has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1125	One newspaper reporter, writing about low voter turnout in 1998, suggested there was a "deep-rooted resistance within both parties to expanding the national electorate," and quoted Ginsberg as saying "Politicians who have risen to power in a low-turnout political environment have little to gain and much to fear from an expanded electorate.
1126	It is limited to liberal and radical parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in parliament.
1127	Section 1782 of Title 28 of the United States Code is a federal statute that allows a litigant (party) to a legal proceeding "outside" the United States to apply to an American court to obtain evidence for use in the non-US proceeding.
1128	Somaliland has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1129	After dropping Shelly off at Cartman's home, the Marshes and Stan are off to a party at the home of Mr. Mackey.
1130	A third-party beneficiary, in the law of contracts, is a person who may have the right to sue on a contract, despite not having originally been an active party to the contract.
1131	One of the scenes in the party sequence required more than 500 empty liquor bottles and Gujarat, where the principal shooting took place, has alcohol prohibition, so the art director Taj Naqvi and his team started scouting for it 8 days prior to the schedule. 'ravi vaari bajaar' to posh hotels, residence to open grounds they collected these bottles and on the day of the shoot managed to get 731 empty liquor bottles.
1132	For example, a court has the right to punish actions or omissions of a party in a child support case as if they were a criminal, penalizing the parent with a sentence of jail time.
1133	A Christmas party was held every year as well as two to three other parties throughout the year.
1134	An Oscar party is any of the several parties, usually held by entertainment-media corporations, immediately following the broadcast of the Academy Awards ceremony.
1135	Elman defended both himself and Justice Frankfurter by stating that these discussions took place before the United States became a party to the case, and even then, the United States was not an adversary party but rather an "amicus curiae".
1136	On November 6, 1860, Lincoln was elected as the 16th President of the United States, a Republican, and the first to be elected from that party.
1137	Today, wedding ceremonies, wedding receptions, parties, corporate meetings, and other events are held at Bolingbroke Mansion.
1138	Examples include "eset" ("case"), "falat" ("a bit of food"), "hét" ("week"), "kabát" ("coat"), "kert" ("garden"), "kötet" ("volume" [of books]), "lakat" ("padlock"), "lapát" ("shovel"), "part" ("shore", "bank", "coast"), "párt" ("party"), "sajt" ("cheese") etc.
1139	The legal burden of proof () is the obligation of a party in a trial to produce the evidence that will prove the claims they have made against the other party.
1140	Although he came to power with the help of the old Liberal General Urbina, Veintemilla later evolved into a populist military dictator rather than a politician with any party or ideological affiliation.
1141	"Akabar en Tnezzarfut ed Tneflit", KNN; , PJD) is the party that has led the executive branch of the government of Morocco since 29 November 2011.
1142	Early in his career, his professional areas of interest lay in the simulation of strategies in collective action dilemmas, simulation of party behavior in proportional voting systems, and the use of surveys in public administration.
1143	Reunion has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1144	A party is a social gathering.
1145	Large annual spring break festivities take place in various countries, often in the form of music festivals and joined by special nightclub parties, beach activities and accommodation offers.
1146	The Majority and Minority Leaders of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico are two Puerto Rican Representatives who are elected by the party conferences that hold the majority and the minority respectively.
1147	Various spokesmen for both the Democratic and Republican parties were on hand to explain the positions, and claimed relative merits of, their respective groups.
1148	It includes a brief history of liberal parties with substantial representation in parliament.
1149	The Liberal Democrat councillors involved lost their seats at the 2006 elections, their party also lost control of the Council.
1150	Since 1959, the four largest parties have formed a coalition government, according to a "" or "magic formula".
1151	The Clerk has significant responsibility for arranging hearings of the court, handling documents from litigants, and preparing copies for any party to the case.
1152	The song's lyrics center around a party and having fun, once referencing to leading a double life with
1153	Algeriawesh alors has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.   
1154	A coalition government is a cabinet of a parliamentary government in which several parties cooperate.
1155	It is limited to liberal and radical egalitarian parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in the parliament.
1156	Supreme Court judicial candidates may run on party tickets.
1157	She represents the Telugu Desam party.
1158	Drinking establishments, such as bars and nightclubs, revolve primarily around the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages, and parties, festivals, and social gatherings commonly feature alcohol consumption as well.
1159	In the early days of the campaign the CDA of incumbent prime minister Jan Peter Balkenende and the VVD, the smallest coalition party, saw a major lead.
1160	The State secretary, currently Karoline Edtstadler (ÖVP), could be seen as an overseeing authority (with no direct executive power) for the coalition party that hasn't obtained the minister post.
1161	The German National Association, or "German National Union" () was a liberal political organisation, precursor of a party, in the German Confederation that existed from 1859 to 1867.
1162	Most Girls Gone Wild videos follow a common formula in which a film crew interacts with a large crowd of people either at a party, club, or other event.
1163	PILPG is frequently called upon to provide legal and political counsel to parties and mediators engaged in peace negotiations.
1164	Adverse or adverse interest, in law, is anything that functions contrary to a party's interest.
1165	Here, if votes were cast as in 2005, this seat would have produced a three-way marginal between the Conservative (32.8%), Labour (32.6%), and Liberal Democrats (29.7%) parties.
1166	, formerly called , is the local party in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, seeking an independent Ryukyu, the .
1167	Confused, she begins acting violently, destroying her father's computer and offending his guests during a party.
1168	Zambia's Economic System of Government is Unitary because of that the Frederick Chiluba government (1991–2001), which came to power after democratic multi-party elections in November 1991, was committed to extensive economic reform.
1169	The Texas caucuses are a political event associated with primaries, the process by which voters in the U.S. state of Texas ultimately select their parties' nominees for various offices.
1170	The SNP were unable to negotiate a majority coalition government with any other party, but as no other combination of parties were able to agree a deal, the SNP chose to form a one-party minority government, with confidence and supply support from the Scottish Green Party and the Scottish Conservative Party.
1171	He may be required to give a certain number of days' advance notice before he intends to depose a party or witness.
1172	The PNA has a multi-party system, with numerous parties.
1173	The Party of Freedom and Progress will make efforts to fill a niche in a political spectrum of the country – it shall become the first liberal party in Belarus (United Civil Party of Belarus already existing in Belarus is based on conservative ideas and calls itself "liberal-conservative").
1174	The United June Movement (Turkish: "Birleşik Haziran Hareketi", BHH) is a political coalition bringing together left-wing, communist and socialist parties, Marxist–Leninist political organizations, independent individuals and various left-wing non-governmental organizations in Turkey.
1175	The German Free-minded Party (, DFP) or German Radical Party was a short-lived liberal party in the German Empire, founded on 5 March 1884 as a result of the merger of the German Progress Party and the Liberal Union, an 1880 split-off of the National Liberal Party.
1176	In "Black Light Attack!", when he is attending the Black Light party, he is asked by Tracy why his teeth are not glowing, and Kenneth replies "You'll have to ask the fellow who whittled them for me!".
1177	Majoritarian democratic systems contain two dominating parties and, due to the plurality voting system, the winning party actually concentrates the political power so that there is a clear distinction between the government and the opposition.
1178	Anwar Haddam () was a leader of the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS), an Islamist party in Algeria, and was elected to parliament on a FIS ticket in 1991 - Algeria's first multiparty elections.
1179	As a matter of civil procedure, courts must decide whether and in what circumstances they will accept jurisdiction over parties and subject matter when a lawsuit begins.
1180	The video contrasts shots of the band performing in a white room with shots of a dark, sordid party at which attendees engage in heterosexual, homosexual, interracial and zoophilic partnerships.
1181	She also wants the party to have a romantic moment with classmate Jimmy Pesto Jr., the eldest son of Bob's business rival, nemesis, and owner of the restaurant across the street, Jimmy Pesto (Jay Johnston).
1182	Mayotte has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1183	A house-warming party is a party traditionally held soon after moving into a new residence.
1184	The song has been described as a "party" tune with a "beat-driven" sound.
1185	An indispensable party (also called a required party, necessary party, or necessary and indispensable party) is a party in a lawsuit whose participation is required for jurisdiction or the purpose of rendering a judgment.
1186	Reform Movement") is a liberal party in Guatemala.
1187	According to Touraj Daryaee, it did not consider itself a party and was a group of "hardline rightists partiularly opposed to the Democrats".
1188	As is usual in Powell’s fiction, the settings are often restaurants, parties, and private apartments (though a Berlin film studio also figures significantly), with social behaviour in such surroundings the sustained focus of comically critical and detailed attention.
1189	The Social Liberal Movement (, SLB; , MSL; , MSL) is a social conservative party in Switzerland.
1190	They can be found in governments, parties, NGOs, civil society organizations or interest groups.
1191	The official music video, filmed in Miami Beach, features Mane and Pump as "rockstars" in a yacht party, where they are seen with bikini-wearing guests with Pump riding a jet ski before him and Mane exiting via a Rolls-Royce.
1192	At the same time no party should be allowed an advantage over an other through the use of an advocate.
1193	In addition, the Bundestag has a minimum threshold of either 5% of the national party vote or three (directly elected) constituency representatives for a party to gain additional representation through the system of proportional representation.
1194	This is a coverage that is used around the world at occasions such as weddings, christenings, naming ceremonies, parties, birthdays, formals, dances, ceremonies, award ceremonies, funerals, meals and engagements.
1195	The two nights of the festival can be interpreted as a large house and street party with several stages and balcony-raves which ten-thousands of people attend.
1196	The third party, a community group called Truth About Motorways, sought a writ of prohibition against Macquarie Infrastructure Investment Management Ltd to stop the publishing of a prospectus calling for investors in a new toll road proposal in Sydney.
1197	Their main activity is organising and attending parties or festivals (for example, the 24 hours bike ride of Louvain-la-Neuve or the St V).
1198	The doctrine of direct estoppel prevents a party to a litigation from relitigating an issue that was decided against that party in that litigation, under certain circumstances.
1199	Administrative resource is the ability of political candidates (and parties) to use their official positions or connections to government institutions to influence the outcome of elections.
1200	New Caledonia has a multi-party system, with multiple strong parties.
1201	– March 24, 1996) was an Italian politician and syndicalist, member of Italy's centrist party "Christian Democracy" and of the Italian Chamber of Deputies and founder of the first trade union in Udine, a branch of the Italian Confederation of Workers' Trade Unions.
1202	The International Meeting of Communist and Workers' Parties (IMCWP) is an annual conference attended by communist and workers' parties from several nations.
1203	The Samoa Progressive Political Party is a small party of Samoa.
1204	The Netherlands Antilles had (before its dissolution) a multi-party system, with numerous parties to form coalition governments after the elections.
1205	Subjects commonly lampooned include medicine, office life, parties, marriage, psychiatry, shopping, school and other everyday activities.
1206	In Merkel's vision of embedded democracy, citizens are able to form independent interest groups and organize parties to help them express their political preferences.
1207	Money booths are often used as eyecatchers at trade fairs, promotional events, and fundraisers, at parties such as Bar and Bat Mitzvah celebrations and at corporate entertainment events and other group events, and in casinos.
1208	Ray is reluctant, but eventually tells them that there is no party and makes up a story that Debra and he are going to Bear Mountain.
1209	During combat and exploration, players are accompanied by different companions, who can be recruited into Hawke's party.
1210	However, opinions decided by the court may be reviewed by the Arkansas Supreme Court under three circumstances: on application by a party to the appeal, upon certification of the Arkansas Court of Appeals, or if the Arkansas Supreme Court decides the case is one that should have originally been assigned to it.
1211	UKIP indicated that it would consider taking legal action were the party excluded, in contravention of established broadcast media rules, from televised Party Leaders' debates in advance of the 2015 General Election.
1212	Jarrett held a celebratory party on the March 18 episode of "Impact!", which was attended by Daggett, Brown, Candido and The Naturals.
1213	The liberal parties dealt with in the timeline below are, largely, those which received sufficient support at one time or another to have been represented in parliament.
1214	A nature reserve, Kincumba Mountain, is located within the suburb and is often used by the community for various functions, including picnicking, bush-walking, orienteering, parties, and carnivals.
1215	While most members focused on football from the start in 1904, committees were also created for winter sports and parties.
1216	It became a popular song played at parties at the time.
1217	A concurrent use registration, in United States trademark law, is a federal trademark registration of the same trademark to two or more unrelated parties, with each party having a registration limited to a distinct geographic area.
1218	The party breakdown is as follows:
1219	Although minor parties are "de jure" allowed to rule, they are "de facto" required to accept the leadership of the dominant party.
1220	This was intended to ensure the balance of power remained with the company, rather than the settlers, but with no other group from which to appoint its members, the council quickly became dominated by men from the same prominent local families that filled the Assembly, and political power rested firmly with this emerging local elite and their descendants until the introduction of universal adult suffrage and party politics in the 1960s.
1221	In addition the commission required all delegate selection procedures to be open; party leaders could no longer handpick the convention delegates in secret.
1222	Sewer service is an epithet for the intentional failure to provide service of process on a named party in a lawsuit, in order to prevent the party from having a chance to respond.
1223	Many consultants work not only for campaigns, but also for parties and political action committees, while some focus on public relations and research work.
1224	Opposition parties are allowed as part of a multi-party political system
1225	Bulgaria has a multi-party system, in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each to form governments.
1226	In pre-trial discovery, parties may have the right to inspect documents that are relevant to the case.
1227	The reason for the sophomore surge is attributed to the fact that congressmen have figured out how to run personal campaigns rather than party campaigns.
1228	The born science of the folklore, which studies in a scientific way the popular traditions, deals in compiling, classifying and studying traditional lyric, short stories, coplas, music, games, superstitions and beliefs, sayings, handicraft, gastronomy, ceremonies, rites, folklore, parties, legends, songs, dances and vulgar romances, area in which stand out a few experts like Agustín Durán, Antonio Machado Álvarez, Francisco Rodríguez Marín, Eusebio Vasco and many others.
1229	On April 23, 2019, Anna met with UK party leaders, such as Jeremy Corbyn in the first talks of its kind in more than a decade pushing them to commit to and agree upon some positive first steps to start addressing the climate crisis.
1230	These are the overall party results of the elections to the various County Councils of Sweden.
1231	It may include pubs, bars, nightclubs, parties, live music, concerts, cabarets, theatre, cinemas, and shows.
1232	(, "Akhali Memarjveneebi"), also translated as New Conservative Party (NCP), is a liberal conservative party in Georgia.
1233	The Sheriff Appeal Court can "remit" an appeal to the Inner House under Section 112 of the Courts Reform (Scotland) Act 2014 provided an application is made by a party to the case and,Once remitted the case is treated as though the appeal began with the Court of Session.
1234	It often occurs the morning after a night out at a bar, nightclub, or party.
1235	Because the party caucus leaders in California's legislature also control the party's legislative campaign funds and the majority party leaders control legislative committee and office assignments, the leaders wield tremendous power over their caucus members.
1236	The entry of a decree by a court in respect to the parties in a case.
1237	In following years, the primary election to select party candidates was adopted in 1904, and in 1908 the Oregon Constitution was amended to include recall of public officials.
1238	This is the leader of the largest party not within the government, usually the leader of the second largest party in the Parliament.
1239	Its versatility is evident in its inevitable presence at funerals and, on the other hand, many Angolan parties.
1240	An adverse party is an opposing party in a lawsuit under an adversary system of law.
1241	The Majority Whip is an elected member of the majority party who assists the Speaker of the House and the majority leader to coordinate ideas on, and garner support for, proposed legislation.
1242	It is limited to liberal democratic parties with substantial support, mainly proven by having had a representation in parliament.
1243	The party's state executive committee discussed removing him from the party.
1244	India has a number of current and historical Communist parties.
1245	Steve turns to Roger for help, who suggests he go to a party to get laid.
1246	The party registered with the Oireachtas in January 2014.
1247	The first Maoist party, which took the name of the old Communist Party of Switzerland (CPS), originated in Switzerland in 1963 but later disintegrated.
1248	Clubbing and raves have historically referred to grass-roots organized, anti-establishment and unlicensed all night dance parties, typically featuring electronically produced dance music, such as techno, house, trance and drum and bass.
1249	Later at the mall, Drake tells Josh that he will be throwing a Christmas party on the roof of his workplace the Premiere, which Josh is unsure of, but Helen (Yvette Nicole Brown) approves.
1250	For instance, there is typically a minister from each province in Canada, ministers from visible minority groups, female ministers and, while the majority of those chosen to serve as ministers of the Crown are Members of Parliament, a Cabinet sometimes includes a senator, especially as a representative of a province or region where the governing party won few or no ridings.
1251	While they should not observe the game in order for it to be fair, in practice they often do to ensure that every participant has a turn, that prizes are well distributed and perhaps that the child whose party it is claims the main prize (or to ensure that a "guest" claims the prize).
1252	It is limited to communist, socialist, and social-democratic parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in parliament.
1253	This includes parties, card games, and temporary seating at the dinner table.
1254	Kosovo has a multi-party system, with numerous parties and the system of proportional representation and guaranteed minority representation means that no one party is likely to have a parliamentary majority.
1255	Birthe Johanne Sparrevohn Rønn Hornbech (born 18 October 1943 in Copenhagen) is a Danish politician, member of the Folketing (the national parliament of Denmark) for Venstre, the liberal party, elected in the constituency of Køge, and former Minister for Refugees, Immigrants and Integration and for Ecclesiastical Affairs.
1256	Baked goods are normally served at all kinds of parties and special attention is given to their quality at formal events.
1257	Frequently the most desired witness (the deponent) is an opposite party to the action.
1258	Several Soviet delegations visited Lusaka with a view to turn UNIP into a Marxist-Leninist party, and UNIP officials made reciprocal visits to Moscow.
1259	Nagorno Karabakh has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1260	The Faroe Islands have a multi-party system (disputing on independence and unionism as well as left and right), with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1261	In most legal proceedings, one party has a burden of proof, which requires it to present "prima facie" evidence for all of the essential facts in its case.
1262	In recent years, however, buffet meals are increasingly popular among hosts of home dinner parties, especially in homes where limited space complicates the serving of individual table places.
1263	The uncertainty between the parties lies in the facts.
1264	The general partner owes no fiduciary duty to the limited partners; however, many MLPs have incentive distribution rights, which are designed to align the interests of all parties.
1265	The consent decree can impact those outside of the parties, who resolve their disputes with a consent decree, especially in settling institutional reform and antitrust cases.
1266	This means that parties may nominate candidates in primary elections, but party designations for the candidates are not permitted on the general election ballot.
1267	The band's official debut performance took place at the annual Seedless Clothing 420 party at the Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach, California in April 2009.
1268	In the practice of law, judicial estoppel (also known as estoppel by inconsistent positions) is an estoppel that precludes a party from taking a position in a case that is contrary to a position it has taken in earlier legal proceedings.
1269	She also arranges a launch party for the press, her family, and her friends.
1270	Players must choose between story and party modes that provide a different perspective of the bicycle racing lifestyle.
1271	There were 33 different parties and 13 independent candidates competing for 325 assembly seats.
1272	The losing party may appeal a decision by either a board of contract appeals or the United States Court of Federal Claims to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
1273	The chamber has to inform all parties involved that an investigation is being carried out, except for situations in which such information could harm the investigations.
1274	In the law of the United States, diversity jurisdiction is a form of subject-matter jurisdiction in civil procedure in which a United States district court in the federal judiciary has the power to hear a civil case when the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000 and where the persons that are parties are "diverse" in citizenship or state of incorporation (for corporations being legal persons), which generally indicates that they differ in state and/or nationality.
1275	The Chief Whip is a political office in some legislatures whose task is to administer the whipping system that tries to ensure that members of the party attend and vote as the party leadership desires.
1276	In law, an allegation is a claim of a fact by a party in a pleading, charge, or defense.
1277	The Civic Freedom Party () was one of the two inter-war liberal parties in Hungary.
1278	A demurrer is a pleading in a lawsuit that objects to or challenges a pleading filed by an opposing party.
1279	In 1976 he joined Reforma Democrática, which later merged into Alianza Popular, both right-wing parties.
1280	The general election at the end of February 1974 resulted in a hung parliament where Labour had slightly more seats than any other party but no overall majority.
1281	Beyond their lurid sexual details, both cases introduce paradoxes about the respective responsibility of the parties, the legal differences between consensual homicide and suicide.
1282	Green Beer Day (GBD) is a day-long party, where celebrants drink beer dyed green with artificial coloring or natural processes.
1283	Due to midnight regulations, since 1948, during the period between a presidential election and the inauguration of a president of a different party, the Federal Register has averaged 17 percent more pages than during the same period in non-election years.
1284	For 2015–2019, the party breakdown is as follows:
1285	Miscellaneous left (', "DVG") in France refers to left-wing candidates who are not members of a large party.
1286	The book has been translated into approximately 20 languages and is dedicated "To the socialists of all parties".
1287	The unique aspect of the parliamentary system which creates the desire to hold leaders' debates is that the party leader is usually the party's presumed candidate to lead the government, because by constitutional convention he or she will usually become prime minister or premier if his or her party wins the most seats.
1288	In a preferential voting system, a voter can feel more inclined to vote for a minor party or independent as their first choice and they can record a preference between the remaining candidates, whether they are in a major or established party or not.
1289	India took a firm stand against the CTBT and refusing to be signatory party of it despite under pressure by the US President Bill Clinton, and noted the treaty as it was not consistent with India's national security interest.
1290	A creditor is a party (e.g., person, organization, company, or government) that has a claim on the services of a second party.
1291	Most party supply stores carry paper and metallic confetti.
1292	Each region is a group of constituencies, and the D'Hondt method of allocating additional member seats from party lists is used to produce a form of proportional representation for each region.
1293	As an MP in his constituency he enjoyed a popular following, and reports that he received support from others who would normally have voted for candidates from other parties were often cited.
1294	The case considered whether a party, in order to "actively [induce] infringement of a patent" under 35 U.S.C. §
1295	At the same time, no party should be allowed an advantage over an other through the use of an advocate.
1296	First FSP Festival was created as a local party for friends in 2008.
1297	His co-workers at WKRP throw him a party where they try to convince him not to leave; he admits how much he loves and cares about the people he works with.
1298	The parties present in the so-called "pre-autonomous" region choose to adopt a distinctive symbol for this territory.
1299	There may be several combinations of parties which might form a coalition.
1300	In law, sua sponte (Latin: "of his, her, its or their own accord") or suo motu ("on its own motion") describes an act of authority taken without formal prompting from another party.
1301	Heffer is an absolute glutton who loves to eat and party.
1302	His party was attacked by Snake Indians on October 1824 at the Jordan River near its mouth at the Great Salt Lake.
1303	The left–right political spectrum is a system of classifying political positions, ideologies and parties, from equality on the left to social hierarchy on the right.
1304	A price is the quantity of payment or compensation given by one party to another in return for one unit of goods or services..
1305	On a number of occasions Leigh has voted against the leadership of his party where it conflicts with his own principles.
1306	Artsakh has a multi-party system, with numerous political parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1307	For the last half of the century, it was the policy of the party in power in the legislature to secure the largest amount of political advantage in making the apportionments, and they were made whenever the political control of the assembly changed.
1308	In the United States politics, party switching is any change in party affiliation of a partisan public figure, usually one who is currently holding elected office.
1309	Jamie soon discovers the party-scene of New York where he meets characters like Tad, who brings Jamie into a world of cocaine, sex and all-night partying at the Odeon club.
1310	He later studied social science at the Parteihochschule Karl Marx, the party school of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, and worked as a philosophy lecturer at the Free German Youth-administered Wilhelm Pieck youth academy in Bogensee until 1990.
1311	On 30 November 2006 a letter was sent to her that she was being summarily dismissed for gross misconduct, apparently misconduct at a private party,
1312	Where an acquiring company uses its own stock as part of the consideration paid to acquire another company, or in a merger of two companies, the contract may provide that either party to the transaction can cancel it if a material adverse change significantly reduces the value of the other party.
1313	The critical difference between the two systems was the power to adjudicate assumed by the new courts regardless of the wishes of the parties.
1314	On the first day, the festival had an opening event; on 16-17 March it was open in full capacity during both day and night, while the fourth day was reserved for a farewell party.
1315	The Bahian Carnival () is the largest party on the planet.
1316	Gask, or "gasque", is a kind of Swedish student party which starts with a more or less formal dinner.
1317	The minor parties in the Progressive Front, were legally required to accept the leadership of the Ba'ath Party.
1318	A Conservative Democrat, he helped bring his party to prominence.
1319	She then invites some friends (who are Billie's dancers) to her house where they have a dance party.
1320	Opposition parties are permitted, including the MDC-T led by Morgan Tsvangirai and the MDC-M led by Welshman Ncube, both formations of the original Movement for Democratic Change created in 1999.
1321	In doing so, they have no special closeness to any of the established parties, but represent, depending on the topic, some Classical Liberal (strengthening of civil and human rights, SME promotion, public budget discipline), some conservative (increase staff of the security forces, stricter border controls, more deportations of rejected asylum seekers and less family reunification for refugees in Germany, drug control, promoting local traditions and dialects), partly social liberal (state General interest, equal opportunities in education, housing promotion) or ecologically-alternative goals (energy policy, water management).
1322	A payment is the trade of value from one party (such as a person or company) to another for goods, or services, or to fulfill a legal obligation.
1323	The "Deviant current" or "Current of deviation" () is a term used by Iranian officials (e.g. high-ranking clerics, Revolutionary Guards commanders) and conservative rivals of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to describe Ahmadinejad's entourage which functions like a faction or party.
1324	A party does not have the right to denounce a treaty unilaterally.
1325	This also applies to a political convention, though in modern times the common issues are limited to selecting a party candidate or party chairman.
1326	Morocco has had a multi-party system since independence in 1956, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1327	An offset in law, is a reduction in the amount of a judgment granted to a losing party based on debts owed by the prevailing party to the losing party.
1328	Kuwait has a robust public sphere and active civil society with political and social organizations that are parties in all but name.
1329	Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
1330	Republika Srpska has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party usually has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1331	The Pavilion is used frequently for dances, parties, and weddings.
1332	From 1998–1999, the United States held series of bilateral talks with India over the issue of India becoming party of the CTBT and NPT.
1333	Lawsuits (or actions in executive agencies) where all interested parties have been served with adequate notices and are given a reasonable opportunity to attend and to be heard are referred to as "inter partes" proceedings or hearings.
1334	The National Liberal Party (, NLP) was a liberal party of the North German Confederation and the German Empire which flourished between 1867 and 1918.
1335	After registration closed, party leaders participated in a random drawing of the number determining the order in which their parties appear on ballots, numbers which are also used in nationwide campaigning.
1336	Parallel states are common in totalitarian societies, such as Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan, parties, youth organizations, leisure organizations, work/labor collectives, unions, and militias.
1337	The Justice Forum, commonly known as Jeema, is one of Uganda’s leading opposition parties, with representation in Parliament.
1338	A children's party or kids' party is a party for children such as a birthday party or tea party.
1339	A cocktail party is a party at which cocktails are served.
1340	The people have become accustomed to rush to their homes early in the evening because Khartoum yawns early due to the government decision to stop private parties at 11:00 pm, an hour before midnight.
1341	The Philippines has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form a coalition government.
1342	On August 16, 2010, the Ninth Circuit unanimously granted the motion to stay, ordered expedited briefing on the merits of the appeal, and directed the parties to brief the issue of why the appeal should not be dismissed for lack of standing.
1343	Jianzhongjingguo" ( "jiànzhōngjìngguó"), the first era name of Emperor Huizong of Song China, means "establishing middle, peaceful country", reflecting his idealism towards moderating the rivalry among the conservative and progressive parties on political and social reformation.
1344	Part of their earnings was used to finance party events and to "spend lavishly" at the clubs, pubs, and restaurants which the gang members frequented.
1345	Agnès tells Manise that her friend Cécile Coste has invited them to a party he does not want to go but concedes when she agrees to buy him a suit.
1346	During the first 23 years of renewed democracy beginning 1982, no one party succeeded in gaining power alone, and parties had to work with each other to form coalition governments.
1347	The Full Moon Party is an all-night beach party that originated
1348	A choice of law clause or proper law clause is a term of a contract in which the parties specify that any dispute arising under the contract shall be determined in accordance with the law of a particular jurisdiction.
1349	In addition the commission made it so that all delegate selection procedures were required to be open; party leaders could no longer handpick the convention delegates in secret.
1350	Hell & Heaven is a unique event where participants from Brazil and all over the world get together in three themed parties.
1351	The New Patriotic Party (NPP) is a centre-right and liberal conservative party in Ghana.
1352	Venezuela has a multi-party system, with numerous parties.
1353	When the siblings grew up, they held parties and introduced the tradition to friends while in college, and the tradition began to spread.
1354	Founded in the summer of 1992 in the laundry rooms of the former garrison in the Schiffbauergasse, forty young people interested in art and culture started to present parties, events and exhibitions.
1355	It is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, mostly limited to parties with parliamentary status
1356	Sierra Leone has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties.
1357	For example, in United States federal courts, any person who is at least 18 years old and not a party may serve a summons and complaint in a civil case.
1358	Serbia has a multi-party system with numerous parties, in which no party often has a chance of gaining power alone.
1359	Prior to the 2017 state election, both major parties in Western Australia discussed the prospect of expunging consensual homosexual sex crimes, with the opposition Labor Party pledging to implement such a scheme if elected and the incumbent Coalition Government stating it would consider the proposal.
1360	" (CD&V), a centrist Flemish Christian Democratic party.
1361	It is limited to liberal parties.
1362	Norway has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments or minority cabinets.
1363	The German Socialist Party (German: "Deutschsozialistische Partei", DSP) was a short-lived German nationalist, far-right party during the early years of the Weimar Republic.
1364	The Socialist Party USA, officially the Socialist Party of the United States of America (SPUSA), is a multi-tendency democratic socialist party in the United States.
1365	The Republican Citizens Committee Against National Prohibition was established shortly before the 1932 Republican National Convention to pressure the party to support the repeal of prohibition.
1366	Gush Shalom is an extra-parliamentary organization, independent of any party or other political grouping although it has members who are associated with various political parties.
1367	It hosted many acts from the time it was initially leased for fraternity parties and biker bashes in 1985 until it was discovered by young rock bands desperate for a place to perform.
1368	Those present at court typically include the magistrate, police prosecutor, defendant, plaintiff and witnesses for either party.
1369	Service of process in Virginia encompasses the set of rules indicating how a party to a lawsuit must be given service of process in the state of Virginia, in order for the judiciary of Virginia to have jurisdiction over that party.
1370	The burden of proof () is the obligation of a party in a trial to produce the evidence that will prove the claims they have made against the other party.
1371	But for the other left-wing parties, particularly the anarchists and POUM, the war and the revolution were the same.
1372	Solomon Islands have a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone.
1373	Mali has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1374	There have always been those who held important state, public and party offices, those who wielded absolute power, those who were limited in their actions by law or tradition.
1375	Opposition parties are allowed, but are widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power.
1376	In the 1970s, Senyszyn was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party (PZPR), the governing party in the communist People's Republic of Poland.
1377	It is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had representation in the National Assembly of Armenia.
1378	A court is any person or institution with authority to judge or adjudicate, often as a government institution, with the authority to adjudicate legal disputes between parties and carry out the administration of justice in civil, criminal, and administrative matters in accordance with the rule of law.
1379	The system of parties was very fluid, functioning on the basis of groups depending on individual personalities or "caudillos" who held the control of the parties and could form or dissolve cabinets.
1380	The Islamic Iran Participation Front (; "Jebheye Mosharekate Iran-e Eslaami") is a reformist political party in Iran.
1381	The Free-minded Union () or Radical Union was a liberal party in the German Empire that existed from 1893 to 1910.
1382	San Marino has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1383	Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale, ranging from an individual who chooses a private entertainment from a now enormous array of pre-recorded products; to a banquet adapted for two; to any size or type of party, with appropriate music and dance; to performances intended for thousands; and even for a global audience.
1384	Identifying a form of government is also difficult because many political systems originate as socio-economic movements and are then carried into governments by parties naming themselves after those movements; all with competing political-ideologies.
1385	Originally aimed at aerobics sessions and night clubs alike, the song is often played at dance clubs, school PE/dances/proms, parties, ice and roller skating rinks, bar mitzvahs and weddings in the United States and the United Kingdom.
1386	With three main themes of ideas, art, and culture, the Biennial is designed to bring together experts and leaders from across North, South, and Central America in a variety of formats that include panel discussions, peer-to-peer workshops, art exhibits, outdoor architectural installations, and public parties.
1387	To secure political independence, in most European countries, political parties are factual associations.
1388	In 1907 he became a part of Egyptian national party that was led by Mostafa Kamel Pasha who was also a journalist and a political figure.
1389	Opposition parties are allowed, and are represented in Parliament, but are widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power.
1390	Panhellenic Citizen Chariot () is a Greek left-wing anti-austerity party.
1391	Medvedev's candidacy was supported by former President Vladimir Putin and pro-presidential parties.
1392	Cyprus has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties and a third party that is electorally successful.
1393	Some features set apart the Bahá'í administration from similar systems of human government: elected representatives should follow their conscience, rather than being responsible to the views of electors; political campaigning, nominations and parties are prohibited; and religious authority was passed down from its founder to the Universal House of Justice.
1394	The Socialist Party of Florida (SPFL) is the Florida state chapter of the Socialist Party USA, a democratic socialist party.
1395	He specialized in comparative politics and specifically in the study of parties and party systems.
1396	The court held, as to the issue of whether or not a valid agreement of lease had been concluded, that an examination of the letter written to the applicant by DRE on September 18, and the applicant's reply thereto, dated 8 October, made it clear that the parties had reached consensus on the essentials of the lease: Once the applicant had accepted the terms and conditions contained in the memorandum attached to DRE's letter (which it had, by sending its cheque for the first month's rental, deposit and other charges), a binding agreement would have been concluded between the parties.
1397	In the terminology of communism, the general line of the party or simply the general line refers to the directives of the governing bodies of a party (usually a communist party) which define the party's politics.
1398	It was presented by actress Patricia Heaton, and it featured Heaton showcasing how to prepare different recipes for themed parties.
1399	The National Alliance for Reconstruction (NAR) was the governing party in Trinidad and Tobago between 1986 and 1991.
1400	Each region is a group of constituencies, and the D'Hondt method of allocating additional member seats from party lists is used to produce a form of proportional representation for each region
1401	"DVD") in France refers to right-wing candidates who are not members of any large party.
1402	The most important processes are the European integration, politically as well as with regards to the media (e.g. European media laws), the decline of traditional political mass parties, the American influence on the professionalization of journalism, and finally the commercialization of the media markets in Europe.
1403	State Offensive Party, Party for the Promotion of the Rule of Law,Law and Order Offensive Party, or Party of Law and Order Offensive (), commonly known as the "Schill party" from 2000 to 2003, was a minor right-wing populist party in Germany, mainly active in the state of Hamburg, that ran on a platform of law and order.
1404	In Namibian politics, ethnicity plays a significant role in party affiliation and voting behaviour.
1405	Thousands of visitors attend the Schiffbauergasse every week to listen to concerts, see exhibitions, enjoy themselves at parties, watch movies or participate in dance workshops.
1406	Time is of the essence" is a term used in contract law in England and Wales (a legal jurisdiction within the United Kingdom), Canada, Australia, New Zealand, other Commonwealth countries and the United States expressing "the need for timely completion", i.e. indicating that one or more parties to the agreement must perform by the time to which the parties have agreed if a delay will cause material harm.
1407	The analogy reminds litigants to keep their costs down in cases where judge may well divide fault, i.e. may "split the difference" in terms of damage awards or other remedies between the two parties (a very common example is in a comparative negligence case also known as contributory negligence scenario).
1408	In law, motu proprio (Latin for: "on his own impulse") describes an official act taken without a formal request from another party.
1409	As Valentine's Day approaches, Dorothy is planning a party at her family's estate.
1410	Two recurring themes throughout the album are parties ("Party Coordinator," "Party In September" and "Party All The Time") and friends ("Best Friends Forever" and "I Need Friends").
1411	The D'Hondt slightly favours large parties and coalitions over scattered small parties.
1412	In "Christmas Party", Packer attends the office Christmas party near the end of the episode, greeting the staff with "What's up, muh nerds?" and wearing a sprig of mistletoe over his crotch.
1413	In First Past the Post assemblies, where the tendency to gravitate into two major parties or party groupings operates strongly, "government" and "opposition" roles can go to the two main groupings serially in alternation.
1414	A party dress is a dress worn especially for a party.
1415	Jones first purchased a piece of Scandinavian cloth in 1971 in order to guide party guests to her home in the Fan district section of Richmond, Virginia.
1416	Given the two-party nature of the U.S. system, the minority leader is almost inevitably either a Republican or a Democrat.
1417	Montenegro has a multi-party system with numerous parties.
1418	A party argues that it should not be held liable for a legal charge or claim brought against them by some legal process, because it has been found such a process is illegitimate.
1419	Social and family activities are often held during this time, such as supper or more formal social gatherings and entertainment, such as parties, in particular dance parties.
1420	This has produced serious problems for the parties and for the court systems which are now expected to accept jurisdiction over persons sometimes only transiently within their territorial boundaries, and to enforce the judgments and orders of "foreign" courts.
1421	So of course there's the side of me that likes going to the strip club and likes partying
1422	In the latter instance, the short list may be compiled by the party election committee, after conducting research and undergoing a process of elimination, selecting individuals judged fit and capable of successfully completing any processes needed for acceptance.
1423	An unabashed party record, "Dance to the Music" opens with Robinson screaming to the audience, demanding that they "get on up...and dance to the music!
1424	It is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in the Saeima.
1425	The National Union Party ("Partido Unión Nacional") is the name of several liberal conservative parties in Costa Rica, generally located right-to-center in the political spectrum.
1426	When a court employs the extraordinary remedy of injunction, it directs the conduct of a party, and does so with the backing of its full coercive powers.
1427	In a civil lawsuit, a defendant (or a respondent) is also the accused party, although not of an offense, but of a civil wrong (a tort or a breach of contract, for instance).
1428	The Northern Marianas has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties and a third party that is electorally successful.
1429	A bachelor party, also known as a stag party, stag night, stag do, stag weekend (in the United Kingdom, Commonwealth countries, and Ireland), or a buck's night (in Australia) is a party held for the man who is to shortly enter marriage.
1430	He accepted the challenge and returned as deputy secretary of the party.
1431	Generally, the foods prepared on "The Surreal Gourmet" are intended to be served at parties or other get-togethers.
1432	In the 1970s, light organs were a popular lighting effect used in discotheques and dance parties; and also during that period, the home entertainment manufacturer Morse-Electrophonic produced some of their stereo systems with a built-in light organ display (such as their "Stereo Bar").
1433	This contrasts with pledged delegates who are selected based on the party primaries and caucuses in each U.S. state, in which voters choose among candidates for the party's presidential nomination.
1434	Libertarian Marxist currents often draw from Marx and Friedrich Engels' later works, specifically the "Grundrisse" and "The Civil War in France", emphasizing the Marxist belief in the ability of the working class to forge its own destiny without the need for a revolutionary party or state to mediate or aid its liberation.
1435	A fiduciary is a person who holds a legal or ethical relationship of trust with one or more other parties (person or group of persons).
1436	Accessibility and diversity in programming allow the public to engage the week on many levels; experiencing a show, taking in an exhibit, participating in an educational program or joining in the festivities at a party.
1437	Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
1438	With Zapper and Zapper's rich new wife, Rory showed up for Jennifer's Christmas party many years later, once again a wealthy man, this time inherited from an aunt he never knew he had, though with his track record, whether this is to last remains to be seen.
1439	Guam has a multi-party system, with two strong parties.
1440	Poland has a multi-party political system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1441	Medieval Games is a party video game developed by American studio n-Fusion Interactive and published by Vir2L Studios for Nintendo's Wii console.
1442	The Netherlands has a multi-party system, with numerous parties, in which usually no one party ever secures an overall majority of votes (except occasionally in very small municipalities, such as Tubbergen), so that several parties must cooperate to form a coalition government.
1443	The Minority Whip is a member of the minority party who assists the minority leader in coordinating the party caucus in its responses to legislation and other matters.
1444	He would also frequently spend his time at all-night parties.
1445	Hackett said, "For me, this is a second betrayal...first, my government misused and mismanaged the military in Iraq, and now my own party is afraid to support candidates like me."
1446	In the Baltic states trade unions were the part of the Soviet Union trade union system and closely connected with the party in the state.
1447	But if the original is in the possession of the other party to the suit, who refuses to produce it, or if the original is lost or destroyed, then secondary evidence will be admitted.
1448	The predominant party in Prussia regarded his political opinions with mistrust, and he was not offered an ordinary professorship until February 1873, after he had decided to accept a chair at the University of Munich, where he passed the last nineteen years of his life.
1449	CNN has often been the subject of allegations of party bias.
1450	To ensure harmonization, the contracting parties to the Convention on the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System, have agreed to base their national tariff schedules on the HS nomenclature and Legal Notes.
1451	The National Council of Sierra Leone was the main opposition party in Sierra Leone in the early 1950s.
1452	A political line is the general view a political party, organization, faction, or ideology takes on a given question.
1453	The German People's Party (, or DVP) was a national liberal party in Weimar Germany and a successor to the National Liberal Party of the German Empire.
1454	As a politician, Burnett was known for his oratorical skill, persuasiveness, sense of humor, and effectiveness at working across party lines to achieve results.
1455	In Canada, Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition () is usually the largest parliamentary opposition party in the House of Commons or in a provincial legislative assembly that is not in government, either on its own or as part of a governing coalition.
1456	The Antifascist Democratic Front (Spanish: "Frente Democrático Antifascista", FDA) was a political alliance of the traditionalist and left-wing parties in Bolivia.
1457	This hall is available on request for promoting arts & cultural activities, wedding events/receptions, and other committee approved meeting or party events.
1458	A fête, or fete, is an elaborate festival, party or celebration.
1459	Players play mini-games that the player will have to complete when the player isn't travelling on hazardous paths from point A to point B. Challenges that require the player his/her entire party include having to punch chickens into cook pots or a pen, escorting characters through a stage (Billy Goat Gruff and the three blind mice), and collecting fairies, jewels, etc.
1460	A function hall, reception hall, or banquet hall is a room or building for the purpose of hosting a party, banquet, wedding or other reception, or other social event.
1461	She became Director of Income Generation and Marketing for the Conservative Party in October 2002, with the aim of increasing revenue from the party's supporter base.
1462	Although controversial and limited in scope by methods of enforcement, in several parts of the world the polluter pays principle, which makes the party responsible for producing pollution responsible for paying for the damage done to the natural environment, is accepted.
1463	The Homeland Party (, "Ḥizb el-Waṭan"; ) or El-Watan Party is a centrist party in Tunisia, that was launched on 19 February 2011 and officially licensed on 9 March 2011.
1464	Under the original terms of the state constitution, the lieutenant governor was elected for a two-year term on a separate ticket from the governor; because of this, the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin have not always been of the same party.
1465	The "iudex privatus" was a sole arbitrator or lay judge who conducted a civil case to which the parties had consented and who usually nominated him.
1466	In 1996, Fernández y Krohn was charged with arson in the Brussels branch of the separatist Basque party Herri Batasuna and was convicted.
1467	The Pedersen index is a measure of electoral volatility in party systems.
1468	In the USA, a party admission, in the law of evidence, is any statement made by a declarant who is a party to a lawsuit, which is offered as evidence "against" that party.
1469	Mediation, as used in law, is a form of alternative dispute resolution resolving disputes between two or more parties with concrete effects.
1470	He changed parties for his second term from Democratic to Whig.
1471	A stop light party, stoplight party, traffic light party or traffic party is a party at which guests wear different colors indicating their relationship-seeking status.
1472	In many U.S. jurisdictions, a complaint submitted to a court must be accompanied by a Case Information Statement, which sets forth specific key information about the case and the lawyers representing the parties.
1473	However, if one party cannot find another party interested in trading the asset, this can potentially be only a problem of the market participants with finding each other.
1474	Broad Front (), officially registered as The Broad Front for Justice, Life and Liberty (), is a political coalition of leftist parties and movements in Peru.
1475	An amicus curiae (literally, "friend of the court"; plural, amici curiae) is someone who is not a party to a case and may or may not have been solicited by a party and who assists a court by offering information, expertise, or insight that has a bearing on the issues in the case; and is typically presented in the form of a brief.
1476	Many of the political rides have their roots from Critical Mass and are often described or categorized as a form of political protest, street theatre, party-on-wheels, streaking, public nudity and clothing-optional recreation and thus attracts a wide range of participants.
1477	In St. Petersburg, Florida, the girls attend wild beach parties fueled by alcohol, drugs and sex.
1478	Lars-Olof "Mikael" Jansson (born 4 September 1965, Umeå, Västerbotten) is a Swedish politician from the party Alternative for Sweden.
1479	Leading the party to a military coup in 1991, he declared himself the sole leader of a unified Russia which was renamed the Volgan Republic.
1480	KP's goal is to form a new communist party in Norway.
1481	Manise also reveals that Agnès is addicted to drugs and that the day of the party she fainted due to withdrawal syndrome.
1482	A block party or street party is a party in which many members of a single community congregate, either to observe an event of some importance or simply for mutual enjoyment.
1483	A pig pickin' (also known as rolling a pig, pig pull, hog roast, pig roast or, among the Cajun, "cochon de lait") is a type of party or gathering held primarily in the American South which involves the barbecuing of a whole hog (the castrated male pig or barrow, bred for consumption at about 12 weeks old).
1484	"Come With Me" was set at night during a party on a beach in Thailand.
1485	The Islamic Movement of the 15th of Shaaban is a secular Iraqi political party based in Nassiriya, southern Iraq.
1486	Banning accordingly concluded, as her daughter's sole legal custodian, that it was not in the child's interest to be a party to Newdow's lawsuit.
1487	Nigeria has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties and a third party that is electorally successful.
1488	It is one of the largest parties active in the province of Balochistan, Pakistan along with Balochistan National Party.
1489	Sierra Leone's two most dominant parties, the APC and the SLPP, collectively won every elected seats in Parliament in the 2012 Sierra Leone parliamentary election.
1490	French Guiana has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1491	A leadership spill occurs when a member or members of the parliamentary party feel that the leader is taking the party in an undesirable direction or is simply not delivering on promises made to those who elected the leader, and does not have the numbers to back his or her position.
1492	It is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in parliament.
1493	It offers a number of snack food services to home party foods.
1494	The Botswana National Front (or BNF) has been the main opposition party in Botswana since the 1969 elections.
1495	Student societies used to be politically engaged, but are now more focused on organizing parties, cantus, and cultural activities.
1496	The first music video released, directed by Brody Baker and produced by Josh Hartnett, displays Kid Cudi at a party.
1497	The Nationalist Republican Party (, PRN, usually called "Nationalists") was a right-wing republican party during the First Portuguese Republic.
1498	This motion was supported by all the left-wing and centre-left parties and it passed with a slim 76-72 majority.
1499	Shortly after its opening in July 2007, The Week International Rio de Janeiro had already become one of the most talked about clubs in the city, attracting national and international celebrities, and becoming the gay nightclub to go on Saturday nights thanks to its cosmopolitan party.
1500	Free Democrats (Armenian: Ազատ դեմոկրատներ, "Azat demokratner") is an Armenian liberal, Pro-European party.
1501	Frederick Moskowitt, sometimes spelled Moskowitz or Muskowitz, (February 7, 1821 - ?) was an American gardener and farmer from the Town of Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served intermittently in the Wisconsin State Assembly for a total of five terms over a period from 1855 to 1878, under three different party labels: Democratic, Wisconsin Reform, and Liberal Republican Parties.
1502	Although he briefly joined in the scheme of his brother Charles, Cardinal de Bourbon, to form a third party in the kingdom, he attended Henry's coronation in 1594.
1503	A party seeking summary judgment (or making any other motion) is called the movant (usually, this is "defendant"); the opposing party is the nonmovant (usually, "plaintiff").
1504	Al-Sayegh is a member of National Democratic Alliance (AlTahalof); a liberal party in Kuwait since 2003.
1505	Committees for football, hockey and parties were also founded at the meeting.
1506	This article is limited to liberal parties with substantial support, proved by having had representation in parliament.
1507	The blog, which further covered ongoing intra-party operations, political issues and scandals, was started in June 2005 by Democratic consultant Mark Nickolas, former campaign manager for both Speaker of the Kentucky House Jody Richards and U.S. House Rep. Ben Chandler's 2003 gubernatorial campaign and hack journalist.
1508	It is a kind of party usually organised by women and held in the afternoon on a monthly basis.
1509	The movement declares itself cross-party because it considers independence a value of all the people, without care of the party in which everyone can identify.
1510	He was the leader of a group of leaders in the party, and was opposed to many decisions of party President Naveen Patnaik.
1511	He was one of the leaders of the Socialist Workers' Party, Hungary's Communist party, in the tumultuous years that led to the collapse of communism in Eastern and Central Europe.
1512	A political houseparty is a party held in a private home for the purpose of supporting a particular candidate, political party, or ballot measure, or to share information and opinions about an upcoming election.
1513	He also hosted his own interview program on the television channel Venevisión, in which he severely criticized the two dominant parties of the second half of the twentieth century in Venezuela, AD and COPEI.
1514	The People's Movement for Democratic Change (PMDC) is a socially liberal party in Sierra Leone.
1515	The neologism "lotacracy" was coined in Pakistan to describe politicians who would switch parties.
1516	Best known for 1999 nomination as President of Germany by the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and its sister party, the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU), Schipanski has held a variety of political and academic roles her during four decade-long career and has been awarded with numerous honors, most notably the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1996.
1517	Denmark has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments and/or minority cabinets.
1518	In order for an issue to create the foundation for party choice, a voter must first be concerned about a particular issue and have some knowledge about that issue.
1519	Kosovo has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1520	ADP was founded as an opposition party against the Pahlavi dynasty.
1521	Her party affiliation is never discussed, although it is hinted in the fourth season finale that it is Democratic.
1522	The Christian Democratic Party () is a Christian democratic party in El Salvador.
1523	National Socialism is banned outright in Germany as anti-constitutional; it is illegal to found or belong to a Nazi party.
1524	Typically, the payer (an individual, business, or organization) makes campaign contributions to public officials, party officials, or parties themselves, and receives political or pecuniary benefit such as no-bid government contracts, influence over legislation, political appointments or nominations, special access or other favors.
1525	The Democratic Union () was a liberal Christian-democratic party in Poland.
1526	The German People's Party (, DtVP) was a German liberal party created in 1868 by the wing of the German Progress Party which during the conflict about whether the unification of Germany should be led by the Kingdom of Prussia or Austria-Hungary supported Austria.
1527	parties.
1528	The British National Party (BNP) is a nationalist party in the United Kingdom which espoused the ideology of fascism and anti-immigration.
1529	A dot com party (often known as an internet party or more generally, a launch party) is a social and business networking party hosted by an Internet-related business, typically for promotional purposes or to celebrate a corporate event such as a product launch, venture funding round, or corporate acquisition.
1530	An injunction is a legal and equitable remedy in the form of a special court order that compels a party to do or refrain from specific acts.
1531	Estonia has a multi-party system with numerous parties.
1532	Ball pits may be rented for parties, and smaller versions are sold for use in the home.
1533	A squat party is a party that takes place either in a disused building (broken into and secured for the party) or in an already existing squat.
1534	Such policies are often influenced by international institutions like the International Monetary Fund or World Bank as well as political beliefs and the consequent policies of parties.
1535	A party favor or party favour is a small gift given to the guests at a party as a gesture of thanks for their attendance, a memento of the occasion, or simply as an aid to frivolity.
1536	This meant that when an employee claimed unfair dismissal, after accusations of allegedly inappropriate behaviour at a private party, the three month time limit for her claim only began running when the employer had actually notified her.
1537	In other words, the court's main task is to do justice as between these parties in their present situation.
1538	Though not a modern party, it maintained organization within activists and press.
1539	The Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (People's Liberation Front), often abbreviated as JVP (; ) is a communist and Marxist–Leninist party and political movement in Sri Lanka.
1540	The committee has an equal number of members from each party, unlike the rest of the committees, which are constituted with the majority of members and the committee chair coming from the party that controls the House.
1541	An agency agreement is a legal contract creating a fiduciary relationship whereby the first party ("the principal") agrees that the actions of a second party ("the agent") binds the principal to later agreements made by the agent as if the principal had himself personally made the later agreements.
1542	Greenland have a multi-party system (disputing on independence and unionism as well as left and right), with numerous parties in which a single party normally does not have a chance of gaining power alone, and therefore the parties must work together in order to form a coalition government.
1543	Helen lives a lavish lifestyle, and at various points throughout the series she is seen dining in expensive restaurants, attending theatrical productions and hosting garden parties.
1544	The motion was passed with a 75-74 majority, the VVD, Prime Minister Balkenende's CDA, and the right-wing PVV and SGP parties dissenting.
1545	In 1909 under Pennsylvania law, a judgment debtor is not a party to a garnishment proceeding to condemn a claim due the judgment debtor from a third person, nor is the judgment debtor bound by a judgment discharging the garnishee.
1546	Traditional casino games, such as blackjack and poker, as well as games often played at parties, such as Scrabble, Bullshit, Speed, chess, Yahtzee, Shithead, and many others can be varied to include a stripping aspect.
1547	The impressionable years hypothesis is a theory of political psychology that posits that individuals form durable political attitudes and party affiliations during late adolescence and early adulthood.
1548	The ANP, the governing party of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa sent the bill to President Asif Ali Zardari, who delayed signing it into law until "the writ of the government [had] been established.
1549	In his case study of his contemporary socialist parties, primarily the German Social Democratic Party.
1550	They may be dissatisfied party members who are open to the idea of voting for other parties, or they could be officially registered as "independents" or simply people who have never had a strong affiliation with any political party and will vote depending on certain things that influence them: healthcare, benefits, election campaign, etc.
1551	A duty to rescue is a concept in tort law that arises in a number of cases, describing a circumstance in which a party can be held liable for failing to come to the rescue of another party who could face potential injury or death without being rescued.
1552	At the time, party nominees were selected by the party officials, sometimes by party bosses.
1553	In 2002, Arad was one of the organizers of "Rave against the occupation", a line of parties protesting against the Israeli policy during Second Intifada.
1554	A dunk tank, also known as a dunking booth or dunking machine, is an attraction mainly used in fairs, fundraisers, and parties.
1555	The National European Social Movement (NESB, ) was a Dutch neo-Nazi party, founded in 1953 as the political arm of the Stichting Oud Politieke Delinquenten ("Foundation for Political Delinquents"), and disbanded by a ruling of the Dutch Supreme Court in 1955.
1556	Cognitive Madisonianism is the idea that divided government is better than one in which a single party controls both the executive and legislative branches.
1557	The state constitution provides for the election of a lieutenant governor; originally, the governor and lieutenant governor were elected on different tickets, and thus were not necessarily of the same party.
1558	Opposition parties are allowed, and while hypothetically capable of wining an election according to the Ethiopian political system, in practice the EPRDF is incapable of losing an election.
1559	Adults sometimes play the game as an event diversion during outdoor parties or on picnics.
1560	The bill's Bi-Partisan support from both the Republican and Democratic parties helped increase its likelihood of moving through committee hearings.
1561	It is, strictly speaking, not a contract because it binds only one party and expresses an intention instead of a promise.
1562	Switzerland has a multi-party system with numerous parties.
1563	A party popper is an object commonly used at parties.
1564	In lieu of party primaries, the party nominees were chosen by a weighted vote among the county committees.
1565	The Republican Federation (, FR) was the largest conservative party during the French Third Republic, gathering together the liberal Orléanists rallied to the Republic.
1566	After the party, tension rises between Marge and Selma after the couple place Homer and his family in an undesirable location and Marge angrily admits to Selma that she was never sure about her marriage.
1567	In chapter five, "Halloween", the witch (who has never heard of Halloween before) goes to a Halloween party, but is disgusted by 'fake' witches.
1568	Opposition parties were allowed, but widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power.
1569	The winning house in standards and athletics, K.C.S.E., and cross country is awarded a bull or a number of pigs which are slaughtered and offered for a party.
1570	Native-title mediation differs from regular mediation in that, rather than the parties referring a dispute to mediation, the Federal Court of Australia can also determine whether the National Native Title Tribunal should mediate a matter.
1571	The Leader of the House is an MP appointed by the Prime Minister to arrange government business and the legislative programme of Parliament, while the unofficial Leader of the Opposition is the MP who leads the largest opposition party able and prepared to assume office if the Government resigns.
1572	After East Timor gained its independence from Indonesia, Fretilin became one of several parties competing for power in a multi-party system.
1573	They contrast with "permanent" civil servants in the respect that they are political appointees whose loyalties are claimed by the governing party and often particular ministers with whom they have a close relationship.
1574	He was also Secretary General of the party during the presidency of Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa Between 1996 and 1998
1575	The Samoan Democratic United Party (SDUP) is the main opposition party of Samoa.
1576	In the United States federal courts, pendent party jurisdiction refers to a court's power to adjudicate a claim against a party who would otherwise not be subject to the jurisdiction of the federal courts, because the claim arose from a common nucleus of operative fact.
1577	The Samoa Party was a small party of Samoa.
1578	A non-disclosure agreement (NDA), also known as a confidentiality agreement (CA), confidential disclosure agreement (CDA), proprietary information agreement (PIA) or secrecy agreement (SA), is a legal contract between at least two parties that outlines confidential material, knowledge, or information that the parties wish to share with one another for certain purposes, but wish to restrict access to or by third parties.
1579	The song also became a popular song played at parties at the time.
1580	A sleepover, also known as a pajama party or a slumber party, is a party, most commonly held by children or teenagers, where a guest or guests are invited to stay overnight at the home of a friend, sometimes to celebrate birthdays or other special events.
1581	A party service is an industry that furnishes supplies and personnel to meet the needs of party hosts.
1582	The Benn Hall is a conference, seminar, exhibition, concert and party venue located in Rugby, Warwickshire, England.
1583	Res judicata" provides that once a case has been determined, it produces a judgment either "inter partes" or "in rem" depending on the subject matter of the dispute, i.e. although there can be an appeal on the merits, neither party can recommence proceedings on the same set of facts in another court.
1584	In 2005 Adam Holloway was one of 36 Conservative candidates to gain a seat from other parties and held the seat with an expanded majority in their much improved 2010 General Election showing in which the party gained 100 MPs and had a net gain of 97.
1585	Åland has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1586	An acid house party was a type of illegal party typically staged in warehouses in 1987–89.
1587	On December 2, 2015, in the 2015 San Bernardino attack, 14 people were killed and 22 were injured in a mass shooting at a workplace Christmas party at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino, California.
1588	Over dinner, a heated argument breaks out over the legacy of Thatcher between the ardent believers in her policies and those more in tune with David Cameron's compassionate Conservatism, leaving Daniel to ponder whether this schism in the party will manifest itself in a Conservative government.
1589	Brazil has a multi-party system, with such numerous parties that often no one party has a chance of gaining power alone, and so they must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1590	Saint-Pierre and Miquelon has a multi-party system, with numerous parties.
1591	The Democratic Labour Party (DLP) was the main opposition party in Trinidad and Tobago between 1957 and 1971.
1592	Finland has a strong multi-party system with coalition governments usually formed by the largest party.
1593	Martinique has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1594	In Romanian "chermeză" means party or banquet.
1595	The videos typically involve camera crews at party locations engaging young college-aged women who expose their bodies or act "wild", especially during Spring break.
1596	A duty to warn is a concept that arises in the law of torts in a number of circumstances, indicating that a party will be held liable for injuries caused to another, where the party had the opportunity to warn the other of a hazard and failed to do so.
1597	Montenegro has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1598	In the lawsuit against the Roosevelt, Davis claimed he was roughed up by two bouncers during a party at the hotel's Tropicana Bar in October 2005.
1599	During St. Pat's, students wear green sweatshirts (which are sold as fund-raisers throughout the season), carry shillelaghs and party (including drinking green beer).
1600	Galician Unity (; UG) was a Galician nationalist and democratic socialist party formed by the Galician Socialist Party-Galician Left (PSG-EG) in 1991.
1601	In the Western Australian Parliament, there were initially no official parties, government being carried out by a loose coalition of members with similar interests.
1602	COPEI, also called Social Christian Party () or Green Party (), is a Christian democratic party in Venezuela.
1603	The Communist Party of Greece, Interior (), usually abbreviated as KKE Interior (Greek: "ΚΚΕ Εσωτερικού"), was a Eurocommunist party existing between 1968 and 1987 in Greece.
1604	The National Liberation Party of Unity ("Partai Persatuan Pembebasan Nasional", also known as PAPERNAS) is an Indonesian left-wing party founded in 2006 by the merger of several smaller parties.
1605	The Chocolate Game is a game often played at children's parties.
1606	The great losers of the election were Labour Party, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy and Democrats 66, the coalition parties of the 'purple' cabinets.
1607	Current events, festivals and parties continue to promote the hippie lifestyle and values.
1608	It is limited to liberal and centrist parties with substantial support, mainly proved by having had a representation in parliament.
1609	Involuntary dismissal is a punishment that courts may use when a party to a case is not acting properly.
1610	The executive was led by the First Minister or the Prime Minister, chosen from the majority party.
1611	Most parties are excluded.
1612	Aruba has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties and a third party that is electorally successful.
1613	When the Mexican Revolution began, he joined the revolutionary party and abandoned his studies.
1614	The territory has a multi-party system, with two or three strong parties and another party which is also electorally successful.
1615	This is where individuals or corporations can hold meetings, parties, and banquets.
1616	Vanuatu has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments.
1617	When that party came to power as a result of the 1952 National Revolution, Gueiler became a member of the Congress of Bolivia, serving in that capacity from 1956 until 1964.
1618	However, some members of the party, dissatisfied with the cease-fire and refusal to reach an acceptable political settlement, formed the Palaung State Liberation Front (PSLF) on 12 January 1992 at the headquarters of the Karen National Union in Manerplaw, under the leadership of Mai Tin Moung.
1619	In common U.S. Congressional Republican caucus legislative usage, the caucus chairman is styled conference chairman and is outranked by the Speaker or Senate President pro-tempore, and the leader or whip of his party.
1620	A wedding reception is a party usually held after the completion of a marriage ceremony as hospitality for those who have attended the wedding, hence the name reception: the couple "receive" society, in the form of family and friends, for the first time as a married couple.
1621	He reports mainly for the Die Welt group on the German Chancellery and the CDU/CSU parties.
1622	The Simpsons are having a Halloween party for the children of Springfield.
1623	The continuing success of these festivals is the result of a mix of religious, cultural, social and economic factors including sincere devotion, local or family traditions, non-religious fiesta and partying, perceived beauty, cultural significance, territorial identity, meeting friends and relatives, increased sales and a massive influx of tourists to the largest ones.
1624	A fellow party member from Khader's party Elsebeth Gerner Nielsen reported Ahmed Akkari to the police.
1625	The Supreme Court has held in "Peretz v. United States" that magistrate judges may supervise the jury selection in a felony trial unless a party objects.
1626	A requirements contract is a contract in which one party agrees to supply as much of a good or service as is required by the other party, and in exchange the other party expressly or implicitly promises that it will obtain its goods or services exclusively from the first party.
1627	According to the FRCP, the plaintiff must initiate a conference between the parties to plan for the discovery process after the complaint was served to the defendants.
1628	Although minor parties are allowed, they are required to accept the "de facto" leadership of the dominant party.
1629	Eventually the video turns to a group of teenagers partying in a house.
1630	In Italian "kermesse" means party.
1631	Decline to State (DTS) is an affiliation designation on the California voter registration form that allows voters to register to vote without choosing a party affiliation.
1632	The Progressive People's Party (, FVP) was a social liberal party of the late German Empire.
1633	A house party is typically a type of party where medium to large groups of people gather at the residence of the party's host.
1634	These are the overall party results of the elections to the various Municipalities of Sweden.
1635	Founded in 1994 as a social liberal party, the PSL was registered on the Superior Electoral Court in 1998.
1636	A defeasance should recite the deed to be defeated and its date, and it must be made between the same parties as are interested in the deed to which it is collateral.
1637	He is a Politician belonging to the Telugu Desam party He has contested as an MLA for five times from Uravakonda Assembly Constituency in Anantapur district.
